1. Myth 1: Software testers are responsible for quality.
They are the ones who make mistakes and mistakes. So, they take care of the quality of the product, they make sure the project will be successful. Not really!

Reality: Quality is everyone's job. Testers and developers should work together.
The team does not only consist of examiners, but each of its members should also consider every detail closely. The best software development teams are like the best football teams.

They work together towards a common goal. If the quality of the final product can be discussed, don’t blame the QA team for it, everyone should take responsibility.

2. Myth 2: Bug-free software all time
The legend of bug-free software is beautiful, it’s like a holy grail that everyone wants to build, but no one can. Some teams want to create something like this. Some people brag that they did it! This is one of the most famous legends about software testing.

Reality: This is what makes sweet dreams.
Creating error-free software is impossible. There are 15 to 50 errors per 1000 lines of industry average code, which is far from 0. However, it is better to work in this direction. You will get better with practice.

One of the reasons for becoming junior-mid-senior developers is that they acquire knowledge and make fewer mistakes. However, even the most skilled programmers make mistakes, sometimes changing software because one thing affects another.

3. Myth 3: It is best to automate all tests. It is more efficient than manual testing
God, thank you for test automation! Let’s use automation, one reason why it’s so popular! Test automation not only saves costs but also speeds up a lot of processes. If we use it in the software development process, we will complete the project ahead of time.

Reality: Some processes are repetitive and should be automated. Manual testing is best for research tests and it is low-cost.
There are all kinds of tests and work best in each specific case. While some projects may have room for manual and automated testing, such a combination will bring the most value.

Manual API testing techniques will help the team find bugs that can affect the user experience, and the team can fix them to improve the overall quality.

4. Myth 4: Any developer can be a tester
The current epidemic has changed the world. Many people have lost their jobs and want to learn a new business. Some of them decided to enter IT, as it is one of the most promising industries.

The misconception that it is easy to be a software tester breaks down a business. From the outside, everything seems simple, but once you get on the API testing facts and myths, you will see that it is much more than just pressing a button.

Reality: Testers are mostly creative people who see the world from a certain point of view. They come in the role of user and create different scenarios.
Examiners are among the most creative people in IT. The accurate API testing techniques have a huge impact on the whole development process because they see what others are not doing. One thing is not so easy to see from a different point of view.

If you test an app, you cannot follow the “ideal” user journey. They are the ones who create new landscapes, they are fully committed to providing the highest value to the customer, and they are the inconsistent heroes of every project.

5. Myth 5: Testing is very expensive
One of the most well-known API testing myths and facts is the belief that it is an additional expense. A whole team of professionals can cost a lot, so we’ll save some money if we leave it to the

QA expert. What is saved can be used for later maintenance or marketing. The project will be a big success.

Reality: Publishing costs more during software development than software testing
The reality is harsh but true—most projects that reduce costs on quality assurance cost twice (or more). The API testing tricks during the project gives the team more information, and it is widely known that data is incredibly important.

Launching a product that is not fully tested can have a huge impact on its popularity. It can crash, freeze. Some functions may stop working, all kinds of possible problems.

But more importantly, if you find errors after the project is finished, you will need to re-deploy the developers to correct them.

1. Interestingly, the history of quality assurance starts in World War II, when ammunition had to be tested for performance.
Nowadays, the end purpose of QA is to correct potential errors before the product is released.

2. Quality Assurance can be associated with every possible field of activity, from banking and education to software and consulting.
However, each business employs different tools and methods for QA.In large enterprises, there is usually an entire QA department.

3. QA is a complex process and should be done in a systematic way.
More often than not, an entire team of experts has to work hard to make sure that the software, or any other product, delivers the promised results.

4. Testing is extremely important and so is monitoring.
For example, in software quality assurance, the process and methods by which the program is developed matter as much as the final result.
It should be pointed out that testing has to be carried out in controlled conditions, based on the law of causality.For example, testers may try to replicate user
behavior and determine what could and couldn't happen when the product is operated in a certain way.

5. There are several regulations that clarify quality assurance. For example, in the case of SQA, these regulations are ISO 9000 and CMMI.

6. ISO 9000 was published in 1987 as part of a quality assurance system created especially for organizations that want to make sure that their products live up to customer demands.
Meanwhile, Capability Maturity Model Integration (CMMI) is a training program for product improvement.
Companies oftentimes display compliance with these standards to show customers that they operate on the principle of excellence.
Needless to say, a company can only be certified once all errors are corrected.

7. In order to ensure QA, the team working on a certain project can conduct specific tests, generate bugs and thus improve product quality.
In software development, testing bugs is an essential part of QA. Without meticulous bug tracking system like BugUp for example, entire computer systems can fail and even be compromised.

8. QA is absolutely essential; without it, not only do organizations risk releasing products that are below market standards, but also
lose money, wasted time and not fully exploit the potential of an idea.

9. Since QA can be complicated and time-consuming, managers can streamline the process using specialized utilities.
For example, in SQA, test case management tools and bug tracking systems ease the testers' job and provide more accuracy.